index.md, before:

---
title: ""
author_profile: true
toc: true
---

# Thodsaporn Chay-intr's Homepage

I am a recent Doctoral graduate in Engineering from the [Tokyo Institute of Technology](https://www.titech.ac.jp/english), Japan, where I had the honor of contributing to the [Okumura-Funakoshi Lab](https://lr-www.pi.titech.ac.jp/). Prior to this, I earned my Master's degree in Engineering from the Sirindhorn International Institute of Technology at Thammasat University, Thailand. 

My academic path has been distinctly defined by a deep-rooted engagement in cutting-edge engineering practices and research, with a particular focus on Natural Language Processing (NLP) and the progression from traditional methodologies to modern advancements in Machine Learning.


## Recent Updates
- [2024-01-12] I have drafted a preliminary work about fine-tuning LLaVA as a multimodal sentiment classification. This work outperformed every previous studies up to 7.31% in accuracy and by 8.76% in weighted-F1 in the MVSA-Single dataset. Check out [this post](/arts/llavac-minimal).
- [2023-12-15] I have received the invitation to join the [Journal of Intelligent Informatics and Smart Technology (JIIST)](https://ph05.tci-thaijo.org/index.php/JIIST) as an association editor to build a strong academic network and to contribute to the development of the journal.
- [2023-12-04] I have received the distinguished invitation to join the [Intelligent Informatics and Service Innovation (IISI) Research Center](https://saki.siit.tu.ac.th/downloads/iisi/IISI-ResearchCenter-2014-v02%20(1).pdf) in Thailand as a visiting researcher.


<br>
**Updated:** {{ site.time | date: "%B, %d %Y" }}

Commit message:

Update recent news and publications

index.md, after:

---
title: ""
author_profile: true
toc: true
---

# Thodsaporn Chay-intr's Homepage

I am a recent Doctoral graduate in Engineering from the [Tokyo Institute of Technology](https://www.titech.ac.jp/english), Japan, where I had the honor of contributing to the [Okumura-Funakoshi Lab](https://lr-www.pi.titech.ac.jp/). Prior to this, I earned my Master's degree in Engineering from the Sirindhorn International Institute of Technology at Thammasat University, Thailand. 

My academic path has been distinctly defined by a deep-rooted engagement in cutting-edge engineering practices and research, with a particular focus on Natural Language Processing (NLP) and the progression from traditional methodologies to modern advancements in Machine Learning.


## Recent Updates
- [2024-01-18] A work for which I am a co-author, has been accepted to appear at EACL 2024. Check out [my selected publications](/pubs/).
- [2024-01-12] I have drafted a preliminary work about fine-tuning LLaVA as a multimodal sentiment classification. This work outperformed every previous studies up to 7.31% in accuracy and by 8.76% in weighted-F1 in the MVSA-Single dataset. Check out [this post](/arts/llavac-minimal).
- [2023-12-15] I have received the invitation to join the [Journal of Intelligent Informatics and Smart Technology (JIIST)](https://ph05.tci-thaijo.org/index.php/JIIST) as an association editor to build a strong academic network and to contribute to the development of the journal.
- [2023-12-04] I have received the distinguished invitation to join the [Intelligent Informatics and Service Innovation (IISI) Research Center](https://saki.siit.tu.ac.th/downloads/iisi/IISI-ResearchCenter-2014-v02%20(1).pdf) in Thailand as a visiting researcher.


<br>
**Updated:** {{ site.time | date: "%B, %d %Y" }}
