_articles/keynote-ttt-5-ai-usecases.md, before:

---
title: ""
permalink: /arts/keynote-ttt-5-ai-usecases
author_profile: true
toc: true
date: 2024-04-07
read_time: true
---

# 5 AI Use Cases that have been already Applied in Thai Businesses

I am exited to share what I talked about in '5 AI Use Cases in Thai Businesses.' This comes from my experience working closely with clients to provide consultation and solve their problems using AI. The focus is on leveraging suitable, advanced, and recent AI to automate systems, enhancing services and operational efficiency.

In this talk, the spotlight is on five key AI technologies: Chatbots, Text-to-Speech (TTS), Speech-to-Text (ASR), Optical Character Recognition (OCR), and Face Recognition. These tools are already making big changes in Thai companies. They help improve how work is done, making things better and faster. These technologies are not just important now; they're starting to shape the future of business in Thailand, showing how companies can improve their services and work more efficiently.



![llavac-model-figure](/assets/files/arts/keynotes/ttt-5-ai-usecases/ttt-5-ai-usecases-figure.png)
> ### Further reading:
> - Click [here](/assets/files/arts/) to download the presentation.

Commit message:

Update Articles, roles, and index page

_articles/keynote-ttt-5-ai-usecases.md, after:

---
title: ""
permalink: /arts/keynote-ttt-5-ai-usecases
author_profile: true
toc: true
date: 2024-04-07
read_time: true
---

# 5 AI Use Cases that have been already Applied in Thai Businesses

> ### Resources:
> - Click [here](https://conf.techtalkthai.com/at24-videos/#1665152231034-16aa6b6f-a4a8) to watch the presentation.
> - Click [here](/assets/files/arts/keynotes/ttt-5-ai-usecases/ttt-5-ai-usecases-slides.pdf) to download the presentation slides (demo is excluded).

I am excited to share insights from my talk on '5 AI Use Cases in Thai Businesses.' This stems from my experience working closely with clients to provide consultations and solve their problems using AI. The emphasis is on leveraging suitable, advanced, and recent AI to automate systems, enhancing services, and operational efficiency.

In this talk, the spotlight is on 5 key AI technologies: Chatbot, ASR, TTS, OCR, and Face Recognition. These tools are already making significant changes in Thai companies. They help improve how work is done, making things better and faster. These technologies are not just important now; they are starting to shape the future of business in Thailand, showing how companies can improve their services and work more efficiently.

![ttt-5-ai-usecases-figure](/assets/files/arts/keynotes/ttt-5-ai-usecases/ttt-5-ai-usecases-figure.png)

### Next-generation Chatbots
Next-generation chatbots are taking customer service in Thai businesses to another level, thanks to LLMs such as OpenThaiGPT. These chatbots can provide natural and complex responses in the Thai language, engaging with users in ways that feel incredibly human.

### Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR)
ASR transforms spoken words into text. It's making meetings, lectures, and videos more accessible by providing accurate transcriptions quickly. This technology is significantly aiding businesses by making information easier to share and understand.

### Text-to-Speech (TTS)
TTS technology is advancing excitingly, turning written words into increasingly natural spoken voice, making it easier to consume information without reading. Imagine having books, news, or articles read out loud in voices that sound familiar, maybe even your own. This is where TTS is heading, and it's exciting.

### Optical Character Recognition (OCR)
OCR is revolutionizing how businesses handle documents, converting paper into digital text in seconds. It makes text editable and searchable, reducing the need for manual data entry. This technology is saving time and boosting efficiency across the board.

### Face Recognition
Face recognition technology is enhancing security and identity verification. Nowadays, it's about much more than just recognizing a face; it's ensuring that interactions are secure and authenticated. From unlocking devices to verifying transactions, face recognition is becoming an essential part of our digital lives.

These AI technologies are not just trends; they are revolutionizing how businesses operate in Thailand, making processes faster, more efficient, and more user-friendly.
